Document reserved aliases (#5269)
dotnet/templating: docs/Reserved-Aliases.md

- The long alias is a parameter symbol name with `--` prefix.
- The short alias is a parameter symbol name first character with `-` prefix.

Note that the aliases are case sensitive.

With `dotnetcli.host.json` file we can change long alias and short alias of the template option and its visibility. `dotnetcli.host.json` is located at the same directory as template.json file. It has the following configuration:
- `symbolsInfo`  
It has a collection of the name of specified parameter symbol in template.json with corresponding long or short aliases to override original ones and the visibility of the template option.  
   - `longName` - overrides the long alias for the parameter symbol.
   - `shortName` - overrides the short alias for the parameter symbol. Empty means short alias should not be used.
   - `isHidden` - `true` if the parameter should be hidden in `dotnet new`.
- `usageExamples` - not used; see [#3262](https://github.com/dotnet/templating/issues/3262) for more details.

> Note that if the name of a parameter symbol is duplicate with any long name specified in `dotnetcli.host.json`, the long alias and short alias based on the name are taken by the symbol specified in `dotnetcli.host.json`. For the parameter symbol with the name, its long alias is the name with `--param:` prefix and short alias is generated from the beginning of the symbol's name till the one which can form a unique short name with `-` prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case when option assignment results in duplicate options, `--param:` prefix is used for the long alias and short alias is generated from the beginning of the symbol's name till the one which can form a unique short name with `-` prefix or `-p:` prefix is used.
```

The previous sentence seems too complicated. I might misunderstood it though.

> The following examples are several cases when using `dotnetcli.host.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

##### Examples
Overrides original long alias `--TargetFrameworkOverride` with `--targetframework` and overrides short alias `-T` with `-tf`.
```
{
  "$schema": "http://json.schemastore.org/dotnetcli.host",
  "symbolInfo": {
    "TargetFrameworkOverride": {
      "longName": "targetframework",
      "shortName": "tf"
    },
  },
  "usageExamples": [
    "--targetframework net7.0",

>     "-fr net7.0"

Reviewer: please remove this section as it is not to be used. Show the output from `dotnet new template --help` instead to showcase the result.

```
{
  "$schema": "http://json.schemastore.org/dotnetcli.host",
  "symbolInfo": {
    "TargetFrameworkOverride": {
      "longName": "targetframework"
    },
  },
  "usageExamples": [
    "--targetframework net7.0",
    "-t net7.0",
  ]
}
```

If short name is empty, there is no short alias for the template option. Long alias is `--targetframework`.
```
{
  "$schema": "http://json.schemastore.org/dotnetcli.host",
  "symbolInfo": {
    "TargetFrameworkOverride": {
      "longName": "targetframework",
      "shortName": ""
    },
  },
  "usageExamples": [
    "--targetframework net7.0"
  ]
}
```

If long/short alias from overridden long/short name is reserved alias, long name will be prefixed with `--param:` and short name will be prefixed with `-p:` instead. Here long alias is `--param:package` and short alias is `-p:i`. See [Reserved Aliases](#reserved-aliases).
```
{
  "$schema": "http://json.schemastore.org/dotnetcli.host",
  "symbolInfo": {
    "pack": {
      "longName": "package",
      "shortName": "i"
    },
  },
  "usageExamples": [
    "--param:package net7.0",
    "-p:i net7.0"
  ]
}
```

> Assuming there are two parameter symbols with the name `TargetFrameworkOverride`, `targetframework` respectively, long alias and short alias of symbol `TargetFrameworkOverride` is `--targetframework` and `-t`, long alias and short alias of symbol `targetframework` is `--param:targetframework` and `-ta`.

Reviewer: Extract from `template.json` will be helpful here.

### Reference for dotnetcli.host.json

> Generally the name of parameter symbol is the long name and its first character is the short name. Prefixing long name with `--` as long alias and prefixing short name with `-` are the aliases for the parameter symbol listed in the template options.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In `dotnet new` the parameter symbols are exposed as additional template options that can be passed to the command. Generally, `dotnet new` uses the name of parameter symbol to generate the long and the short alias for the option:
- the long alias is a parameter symbol name with `--`
- the short alias is a parameter symbol name first character with `-` prefix

Note that the aliases are case sensitive.
```

> With `dotnetcli.host.json` file we can change long alias and short alias of the template option and its visibility. `dotnetcli.host.json` is located at the same directory as template.json file. It has the following configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `dotnetcli.host.json` file we can change long alias and short alias of the template option and its visibility. `dotnetcli.host.json` is located at the same directory as template.json file. It has the following configuration:
```

> - symbolsInfo  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `symbolsInfo`
```

Also for other properties below

> It has a collection of the name of specified parameter symbol in template.json with corresponding long or short name to override original ones and the visibility of the template option.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It has a collection of the name of specified parameter symbol in template.json with corresponding long or short aliases to override original ones and the visibility of the template option.  
```

>    - longName

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `longName` - overrides the long alias for the parameter symbol. 
```

>    - shortName  
>    Empty means short alias should not be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `shortName` - overrides the short alias for the parameter symbol.  Empty means short alias should not be used.
```

>    - isHidden  
>    True if hiding the parameter in CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - isHidden  - `true` if the parameter should be hidden in `dotnet new`.
```

> - usageExamples  
> It's an array of usage exmples. Currently it's not used and please track on issue [#3262](https://github.com/dotnet/templating/issues/3262).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- usageExamples - not used; see [#3262](https://github.com/dotnet/templating/issues/3262) for more details.
```

Generally we avoid `please` in documentation.

The following examples are several cases when using `dotnetcli.host.json`.

##### Examples

> Override original long alias `--TargetFrameworkOverride` with `--targetframework` and override short alias `-T` with `-tf`. And this template option is hidden in CLI help information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overrides original long alias `--TargetFrameworkOverride` with `--targetframework` and overrides short alias `-T` with `-tf`.
```

I suggest to remove `isHidden` to separate example. It doesn't make sense to override the aliases, and then hide the option.

```
{
  "$schema": "http://json.schemastore.org/dotnetcli.host",
  "symbolInfo": {
    "TargetFrameworkOverride": {
      "longName": "targetframework"
    },
  },
  "usageExamples": [
    "--targetframework net7.0",
    "-t net7.0",
  ]
}
```

If short name is empty, there is no short alias for the template option. Long alias is `--targetframework`.
```
{
  "$schema": "http://json.schemastore.org/dotnetcli.host",
  "symbolInfo": {
    "TargetFrameworkOverride": {
      "longName": "targetframework",
      "shortName": ""
    },
  },
  "usageExamples": [
    "--targetframework net7.0"
  ]
}
```

If long/short alias from overridden long/short name is reserved alias, long name will be prefixed with `--param:` instead and short name will be prefixed with `-p:` instead. Here long alias is `--param:package` and short alias is `-p:i`. Please see [Reserved Aliases](#reserved-aliases).
```
{
  "$schema": "http://json.schemastore.org/dotnetcli.host",
  "symbolInfo": {
    "pack": {
      "longName": "package",
      "shortName": "i"
    },
  },
  "usageExamples": [
    "--param:package net7.0",
    "-p:i net7.0"
  ]
}
```

> If the name of a parameter symbol is duplicate with any long name specified in `dotnetcli.host.json`, the long name is taken by the symbol specified in `dotnetcli.host.json`. Assuming there are two parameter symbols with the name `TargetFrameworkOverride`, `targetframework` respectively, long alias and short alias of symbol `TargetFrameworkOverride` is `--targetframework` and `-t`, long alias and short alias of symbol `targetframework` is `--param:targetframework` and `-ta`. Note that short name `ta` is generated from the beginning of the symbol's name till the one which can form a unique short name for symbol `targetframework`.

Reviewer: I suggest to extract it out of examples section to the section above as the note, as this behavior is not explained in main section.

```
{
  "$schema": "http://json.schemastore.org/dotnetcli.host",
  "symbolInfo": {
    "TargetFrameworkOverride": {
      "longName": "targetframework"
    },
  },
  "usageExamples": [
    "--targetframework net7.0",
    "-t net7.0"
  ]
}
```

### Reserved Aliases

> The following are [reserved aliases](#list-of-reserved-aliases) in template engine. They are applied to .NET SDK 7+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are [reserved aliases](#list-of-reserved-aliases) in `dotnet new`. They are applied to .NET SDK 7+.
```

         }
    }
When instantiating the template, for symbol `package` the template option is **`--param:package`** , and `-p` for short.
For symbol `u` the template option is `--u`, and **`-p:u`** for short.

> #### List of Reserved Aliases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### List of reserved aliases
```
